it's for girls night Courtney and
Natalya and Catherine we're all gonna
get together at chili's for Catherine's
birthday so it'll be super fun I got her
a really goofy little birthday crown
that I'm gonna force her to wear a
birthday rhythm oh and i got these super
cute cupcake um candles I guess my goal
is to make her look at the same time so
it'll be a lot of fun yeah that is too
cool he's so happy now I in that how
many willing to actually do something
this one fire yeah that's exciting you
guys tell me
are you so excited
here's a balloon look how pretty this
balloon is its rose in a heart and
that's sweet and this beverage let's do
that from the secret admirer we gotta
figure out who it is this is what we're
doing I thought yes I don't just not
care tab
I'm happy yeah oh there you go you know
how to eat dessert don't you okay ready
make a wish without me okay 23
Oh
right now girls sorry I love their body
butter even saying that I love your body
butter you would love trip you really
would he wants to meet you okay
seriously and i think i told you that
all kinds of like you can yeah i guess
and try
and you're Jordan your gun you want some
good
you can make it